Welcome back all.
So today we're going to go ahead and do a little bit more of the separation let me just go back here.
So thus far we have this right.
When you click click on a look at your accounts you get a listing of your accounts but you also get
the ability to create a new account and this box is on the same page sort of.
So we would like to separate these two.
We would like to separate the listing and we would like to separate the creation process of the creation
of the new account and that's what we are going to do so we won't have a lot of new code.
Actually we'll have very little new code if if any at all.
Most of the things that we'll be doing is just creating new files for the new subway routes and we will
do a lot of copy pasting of the code actually just moving the code from from one place to another.
OK.
So the first thing that we need to do is create our cells for files.
So you file open list and thought
component.
TS let me just go ahead and copy paste this
list that I can put under.
TS and this is going to be it should DML and now we're going to get a new file and this will be create
dot
component dot TS
and you'll need DHT M-L for that as well.
So
the.
There we go.
So all four files have indeed been created.
So the very first one that we will begin modifying the we will begin implementing actually is the oldest
DOD component DOD D.S. and from the we're going to be pulling certain things from account data and put
it out to us.
But we'll have to actually type in some things ourselves.
I mean it's kind of cool to pull it out from the center or something like that.
Let's have a look.
So let's go into the counterpart component outyears and from here the very first thing we're going to
need is this.
This one and we'll need the services Ah.
Which is at the bottom.
So let's just go ahead and just go at it one by one.
Excellent So account services is next Actually actually you know what.
Just let me just close these windows.
Close the current one.
It doesn't really matter.
OK so what's the component t s and account component.
Yes.
So those are the two that I'm going to need so I will interchange between the two.
The next thing we need is a counter service.
So there's still a lot of things here.
Let me just see if I can be lazy.
And Cuppy just from two parts like this.
And then I'm going to need the other part as well of course we will need to perform cleanup operations
in order not to have any sort of duplicate sir.
And no you're not have any sort of code which we do not actually which we will not actually require
any more.
I'm just going to go ahead and copy this entire thing and that I'm going to go ahead and cut out the
non-important the non sections which are not actually needed.
So anything other then the templates and directives we are not going to actually require.
And of course we need to just change this.
So the it's going to be less now.
That we have managed to recycle a portion of the code.
I do indeed.
I do I do this like this.
It's control us since to be an error somewhere.
And took up my notes.
Right.
OK.
Our problem is we need to basically import the component as well.
Really should be typing this but my laziness knows no bounds.
And now we're going to go ahead and do this.
This is good practice to see how precise I am.
We're still missing so component account account service and we all need the account list as well.
But let's go ahead and first export a class.
Actually you know what let me just type this an export class this opponent that I'm going to go and
open up this
am so happy when I place markers like this for myself.
That's like the best feeling in the world when you know that the labor does not need to be done get
a bit of messy a bit of messy code but that can be fixed.
We need the account list.
Now we need to actually import that as well.
OK.
So that one's fine.
That one's fine.
These are sort of fine
OK.
Now it should be.
Now it should all be fine and dandy.
Don't actually need these.
These should be gone.
And that is that is it.
That is all that we need to do with this file in order to implement it.
So as you saw the reason we didn't do anything new.
The only piece of credit we've changed is the list Dodd component now price control as to save this
we'll be doing cleanup work on this but not just yet.
We need to implement the three other files and then we're going to go ahead and perform the cleanup.
So can component that HDMI out.
OK so these two there isn't really that much to do.
You a small marker for myself here what copy just control X and control there you go that's it just
control us and me go ahead and delete this as well.
And control us that's it as far as that HDMI is concerned so we don't actually need to do anything else
there.
Not next we need to go into the Create component RTX which is going to be our little bit larger.
And we again need to pool from a count component.
Yes.
So again we need to be actually pooling from this file in order to be able to create in order to be
able to actually implement the Create component.
Yes.
So first of all we have some imports.
Let's see.
We will need you child and we will need a component and we won't need the injector
and touched
k we'll need the count as well.
So we're going to go ahead and just pulled out
and account service hate the two parts.
We'll just do it like this.
And the all deleted
Okay
go and just press and just keep in mind I'm pressing control save as I go.
And for work and need for it as well.
So everything that I am doing here is actually saved.
OK so come ups
opponent to fight tipis right up component.
So go ahead and type in our template you are also complete your are no slouch accounts slash create
slash.
And now it's actually create a component component.
H d h d m l and I have an extra read here just a typo.
And we're going to need that directive down below.
So let's go ahead and type in let's go ahead and create our directive
account for
it.
Right.
Just made an error there but it's fine.
No big deal to us just spelling errors anyway.
Export clerks create
export class create component.
And now.
Let me just see if I can make use of this part here.
I'm not going to need the upper one so.
And let's put it like this.
It's going to be this.
And let's just do a little bit of a little bit of a garbage disposal so to say a very cruel word in
this particular scenario but oh well now we're going to need
private carry string and we'll need the private create account and remove account and view child.
OK.
Right now I need to go
on the constructor and just paste this in and let's see what all the errors are about
exp class.
OK so this let me just I mean just do a short checkup.
So these are closed here.
All is fine and dandy control S and that's it.
So that's it.
We don't actually need to do anything else in the D.S. file.
Now we need to go ahead and mess around with the component d'arte HD M-O so create component abart HD
amount and this one also it kind of needs things to be placed in here.
So let's just go ahead and write this
actually.
You know what I'm going to just copy it from here.
Excellent save.
So that is literally all that we need to do afterwards in the rest Tauriel we'll just perform cleanup
operations on D account that can put it out email an account and point and Dot TS because now they have
a lot of redundant code which needs to be basically removed and they will be significantly downsized.
But your farewell and hope to see you in the follow up.